VINPX CLICK-WRAP LICENSE AGREEMENT
 
This VINpx Click-Wrap License Agreement (“Agreement”) is a legal contract between the customer 
subscribing to the VINpx product (“you”) and Autodata Solutions, Inc. and its affiliates (“Autodata”, “we” 
or “us”) for the use of any image(s) or visual representation(s) generated electronically or digitally by the 
VINpx product (the “Images”).  
 
BY CLICKING THE “ACCEPT” BUTTON BELOW, OR BY OTHERWISE USING THE VINPX PRODUCT OR IMAGES, 
YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF 
THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT USE THE VINPX PRODUCT OR THE IMAGES OR ANY PORTION THEREOF. 
 
1. Services. Subject to your payment of the fees set forth in the order form between you and us or 
an authorized reseller, we will provide the Images to you on a monthly basis during the term of this 
Agreement for use in connection with the display of your new vehicle inventory. You agree to provide, 
either directly or through a third party, your new vehicle inventory at least five (5) times per week in a xxxxx
format agreed to by all parties. You should examine all Images for possible defects (whether digital or 
otherwise) before sending any Images for display in connection with your inventory. The services may be 
provided by us or an authorized reseller. 
 
2. What We Own. During the term of this Agreement, and subject to the payment of the applicable 
fees, you are granted a nonexclusive, revocable, nontransferable, nonassignable license to use and 
reproduce the Image(s) in connection with the display of your new vehicle inventory. Except for your 
trademarks, service marks and logos, all right, title and interest in and to the Images, the VINpx product 
and the trademarks, service marks and logos used in connection with the VINpx product and Images are 
owned by us or other parties that have licensed their material to us, and are protected by copyright, 
trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property laws.  No other rights or licenses are granted to 
you except as specifically stated in this Agreement.  
 
3. What You Provide to Us. You may provide to us certain background photographs, logos and other 
materials in connection with the VINpx product for use in creating the Images for your new vehicle 
inventory. You hereby grant us and our authorized resellers, and represent that you have the right to grant 
us and our authorized resellers, a worldwide, irrevocable, unlimited, perpetual, fully-paid up, royalty-free, 
non-exclusive, sublicensable (through multiple tiers), transferable, and assignable license and right to use, 
reproduce, modify, display, distribute, and prepare derivative works from all content, materials and 
feedback provided by you in connection with the VINpx product and Images, in any manner or media, now 
known or hereinafter developed, including any content or materials you provide that are owned by a third 
party.  
 
4. License Restrictions. You may not (or permit any third party to): (a) edit or modify the Images in 
any way, including removing any trademarks, logos or copyright notices; (b) use the Images other than as 
specifically stated in this Agreement; (c) use the Images in a way that would infringe any trademark or 
other intellectual property rights of us or any third party or that would give rise to a claim of deceptive 
advertising or unfair competition; (d) use the Images as a trademark, service mark, logo or other indication 
or origin, or any part thereof; (e) use the Images in any pornographic, defamatory or deceptive context or 
in a manner that could be considered libelous, obscene or illegal; (f) represent in any way that you or a 
third party created the Images; (g) rent, sell, give, sublicense or transfer the Images to any third party, 
except in connection with the display of your new vehicle inventory at your request, such as on a third 
party website listing vehicles for sale by multiple dealerships or sellers. You agree to abide by any 
 additional guidelines or restrictions in connection with use of the Images or VINpx product that may be 
provided by us and/or our authorized resellers from time to time. Any unauthorized use terminates all 
permissions and/or licenses granted under this Agreement. 
 
5. AUTOpx Portal. By subscribing to the VINpx product, you are granted access to the portal for the 
VINpx product (the “AUTOpx Portal”) to set your preferences related to your VINpx product. You can 
change your preferences at any time and such changes will take effect in accordance with our policies. 
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login and password for the AUTOpx Portal 
and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your login and password. We will 
not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the foregoing obligations. 
 
6. Syndication. We will syndicate the Images to the third parties that you specify through the 
AUTOpx Portal for such third parties’ use in connection with the display of your new vehicle inventory. All 
syndication of the Images will be in a format agreed upon by us and the third party. 
 
7. License Fees and Payment. You agree to pay the fees set forth in the applicable order form 
between you and us or an authorized reseller. Unless otherwise mutually agreed to in writing by the 
parties, all sales, use, value-added or other tax or charge are in addition to the fees set forth in the 
applicable order form.  You agree to pay any sales, use, value-added, or other tax or charge imposed or 
assessed by any governmental entity upon the sale, use or receipt of the VINpx product. We, or the 
authorized reseller, will send you monthly invoices for the applicable fees. All payments are due within 
thirty (30) days of the invoice date. You agree to receive invoices from us or an authorized reseller 
electronically via the email address associated with your account. All fees are non-refundable. You agree 
to pay as a late payment charge an amount of one percent (1%) per month (12% per year) on all amounts 
not paid when due. You also agree to pay all expenses of collection, including reasonable attorney’s fees, 
incurred by us or an authorized reseller in collecting amounts not paid when due.  
 
8. Term and Termination. In accordance with the order form, this Agreement begins upon the earlier 
of first use of the VINpx Product or the date mutually agreed to by the parties in writing and is effective 
until terminated by either party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the order form, you may 
terminate this Agreement by providing us at least thirty (30) days prior written notice and we may 
terminate this Agreement at any time upon written notice to you. Upon termination of this Agreement, 
you will cease all use of the Images and VINpx product, including all use of Images on third party websites 
and marketing, cease all use of the AUTOpx Portal, and destroy all Images in your possession. Any 
remaining payments due must be paid within thirty (30) days of termination of this Agreement. The 
provisions of this Agreement that by their context are intended to survive the expiration or termination 
of this Agreement will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
 
9. Representations and Warranties. You represent and warrant that (a) you have the authority to 
enter into this Agreement; (b) when executed, this Agreement will constitute your legal, valid and binding 
obligation, enforceable against you; (c) you will make all payments when due; (d) any content or materials 
provided by you pursuant to this Agreement do not and will not violate any intellectual property rights or 
any other rights of any third party; and (e) you will comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations 
in the performance of this Agreement. 
 
10. Disclaimers. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED 
BY LAW, NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE MADE AS TO 
THE OPERATION OF THE AUTOPX PRODUCTS, THE CONTENT OR MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN, 
 INCLUDING ANY MATERIALS OWNED OR PROVIDED BY ANY THIRD PARTY, OR THE IMAGES. TO FULLEST 
EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT 
LIMITATION IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE 
OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE AUTOPX PRODUCTS AND IMAGES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS-IS” 
AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. YOU HAVE INDEPENDENTLY EVALUATED THE DESIRABILITY OF 
PARTICIPATING IN THIS AGREEMENT AND ARE NOT RELYING ON ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTEE, OR 
STATEMENT OTHER THAN SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion 
of implied warranties, so the foregoing exclusions may not apply to you.  For greater clarity, AUTOpx 
Products includes the VINpx product. 
 
11. Limitation of Liability. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL WE, OUR 
AFFILIATES OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, 
INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR OTHER SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. OUR MAXIMUM LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS 
LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE AUTOPX PRODUCTS OR $500, WHICHEVER IS GREATER. 
Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation of certain damages, so the foregoing limitations may not 
apply to you. 
 
12. Indemnification. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless us and our affiliates and 
suppliers, and our and their shareholders, officers, directors, employees, agents and assigns from and 
against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s 
fees) arising out of or related to (a) your breach, or alleged breach, of this Agreement; (b) your use of the 
Images; (c) your violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation; or (d) your acts or omissions, negligence 
or willful misconduct. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and 
control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you and you agree to cooperate with our 
defense of these claims. This provision shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
 
13. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance 
with the laws of the State of California, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws. Each of the 
parties irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the federal and state courts located 
in Los Angeles, California for any action arising under this Agreement. The aforementioned choice of 
venue is intended by the parties to be mandatory, and not permissive, in nature. 
 
14. Third Party Beneficiaries. You acknowledge and agree that our authorized resellers are intended 
third party beneficiaries of this Agreement and are entitled to the rights, interests, claims, and benefits 
hereunder and may enforce the provisions hereof as if it were a party hereto. 
 
15. General Provisions. This Agreement, including the applicable order form for the services, 
constitutes the entire agreement between you and us regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes 
all prior and contemporaneous proposals, representations, agreements, and understandings between you 
and us, written or oral, regarding to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may only be amended by 
a written instrument signed by both parties. If any provision of this Agreement is judged to be invalid or 
unenforceable, the defective provision shall first be revised, limited or amended, consistent with the 
general intent of the provision, such that it is valid and enforceable, and the remaining provisions of this 
Agreement shall be unaffected and remain enforceable. We will not be liable for any failure or delay in 
performance of its obligations hereunder by reason of any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable 
control ("force majeure"), including without limitation acts of God, war, fire, flood, or shortage or failure 
 of suppliers. The parties are independent contractors and nothing contained herein shall be deemed to 
create a partnership, agency, joint venture or employment relationship. Except as expressly provided in 
this Agreement, neither party shall have the power to act in the name of or on behalf of, or incur any 
obligation binding upon, the other party. This Agreement and the rights granted and obligations 
hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by you without our prior written consent and any purported 
attempt will be void. We may assign this Agreement or the rights granted and obligations hereunder 
without your consent. Any failure by us to enforce or exercise any provision of this Agreement, or any 
related right, will not constitute a waiver of that provision or right. A waiver shall not be effective unless 
it is in writing and signed by us. The language in this Agreement shall be interpreted as to its fair meaning 
and not strictly for or against any party. Any heading, caption or section title contained herein is included 
for convenience only and shall not be construed to define or limit any of the provisions contained herein.